Docs: Add install doc pages (#186)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: docs/setup/install.md

# Installation

## Before you begin

Make sure the following conditions are met:

- A Kubernetes cluster with version 1.21 or newer is running. Learn how to [install the Kubernetes tools](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/).

> - The SuspendJob [feature gate](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) is enabled. (In Kubernetes 1.22 or newer, the feature gate is enabled by default.)

Reviewer: remove the parenthesis.

- The kubectl command-line tool has communication with your cluster.

## Install Kueue

> To deploy Kueue in your cluster, run the following command:

Reviewer: Actually, we should clarify that you need to clone the repo first.

Once we have a release, we'll truly have a one-line installation.

# Installation

## Before you begin

Make sure the following conditions are met:

> - A Kubernetes cluster is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A Kubernetes cluster with version 1.21 or newer is running and the SuspendJob feature gate is enabled.
```

Reviewer: on version?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A Kubernetes cluster with version 1.21 or newer is running.
- The SuspendJob feature gate is enabled.
```
Based on @alculquicondor suggestion. Assuming we could split the latter requirement bullet.

Reviewer: Maybe we can be more specific.

```
The SuspendJob feature gate is enabled. In Kubernetes 1.22 or newer, the feature gate is enabled by default.
```

Then we can remove the paragraph below.

> - The kubectl command-line tool has communication with your cluster.

Reviewer: I think the link to how to install kubernetes tools should be here.

Maybe we can change the rest of the docs to match.

Kueue **Requires Kubernetes 1.22 or newer**. Learn how to [install the Kubernetes tools](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/).

> Kubernetes 1.21 can be used if the SuspendJob [feature gate](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) is enabled

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: You can use Kubernetes 1.21 if the SuspendJob [feature gate](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) is enabled.
```

Sounds more like a note because it could be a side use case.

## Deploy Kueue

> You can deploy Kueue in your cluster with the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To deploy Kueue in your cluster, run the following command:
```

> To deploy Kueue in your cluster, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy Kueue in your cluster, run the following command:
```
```suggestion
To deploy Kueue in your cluster, run the following commands:
```

```sh
IMAGE_REGISTRY=registry.example.com/my-user make image-build image-push deploy
```

The controller will run in the `kueue-system` namespace.

> ## Undeploy Kueue

Reviewer 2: Could it be accurate to say "Uninstall" instead?

Undeploy doesn't sound common.

# Installation

> **Requires Kubernetes 1.22 or newer**. Learn how to [install the Kubernetes tools](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/).

Reviewer: Add a `Before you begin` and a `Requirements` section.

Maybe we can expand that you can use kubernetes 1.21 if you enable the SuspendJob [feature gate](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)

Author: umm Requirements and `before you begin` are kind of the same section, no?

Reviewer: `Before you begin` is more about what you need to know to follow the tutorial.

But sure, since both just have one item, one `Before you begin` section is enough.

You can deploy Kueue in your cluster with the following command:

```sh
IMAGE_REGISTRY=registry.example.com/my-user make image-build image-push deploy
```

The controller will run in the `kueue-system` namespace.

> ```sh

Author: maybe, yeah, I will think a debug section for another PR
